Thermal imaging gives us the ability to see any object which radiating off itself and thermal imaging camera is a device that creates an image using IR, similar to a common camera that forms an image using visible light. principally it reports the temperature of various objects in the frame and assigns each temperature a shade of colour. since IR is emitted by all objects above absolute zero according to the black body radiation law. that is what makes us possible to see any environment with or without visible light.
Working of TIC
A thermal imaging camera consists of a special type of lens that allows IR energy to pass through it, then the focused light hits a sensor that scans the information
draws from several thousand points in the field of view through this process an intricate temperature pattern know as thermogram is created.
the thermogram then transforms into electric impulses which are directed to a signal processing unit that translate the information into data for visual the crated image displays as various colour the correlate to the amount of IR energy emitted it.
Thermal Camera Developed till date and it's features and specification
Dahua Thermal Camera
 Accurate temperature measurement, safe and effective.
Non-contact screening, fast pass.
Multi-person measurement, efficient access.
Visual abnormal alert to facilitate back-tracking.
Non-mask detection for intelligent control.
DM60-WS
AI artificial intelligence
Long-distance, non-contact
Blackbody real-time calibration
Large flow fast screening
CEM DT-980Y High-Quality 50Hz Monitor Infrared Thermal Camera Imager
can detect temperature between 32℃ to 42℃.
17°x17° FOV
IR image, visual image, picture in picture
5 MP
Fluke Thermal Camera
Capture a clear, accurate image-focused throughout the field of view with MulitSharp™ Focus
Inspect high-temperature components, up to 1500 °C (2192 °F)
Monitor processes with video recording, live video streaming, remote control, or auto-capture.
TVS-200IS/TVS-500IS
Pick out fever from a safe place.
Detect a person with fever instantly.
Real-time screening can be performed with isotherm display+mixing function
Alarm function prevent from overlooking
